Add monitor documentation (#1372)
hashgraph/hedera-mirror-node: docs/installation.md

### Importer

To run the Importer, first populate the configuration at one of the supported
[configuration](configuration.md#importer) paths, then run:

```console
java -jar hedera-mirror-importer/target/hedera-mirror-importer-*.jar
```

Additionally, there is a Systemd unit file located in the `hedera-mirror-importer/scripts/` directory that can be used
to manage the process. See the [operations](operations.md) documentation for more information.

### GRPC API

To run the GRPC API, first populate the configuration at one of the supported
[configuration](configuration.md#grpc-api) paths, then run:

```console
java -jar hedera-mirror-grpc/target/hedera-mirror-grpc-*.jar
```

### Monitor

> To run the GRPC API, first populate the configuration at one of the supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the monitor, first populate the configuration at one of the supported
```

Author: Fixed
